Hello people and rulers comes to another video of me incomparable
makes imagine in individual scenes so far the whole 2 is on the iPad
however, it's a universal app so Sievert is on all devices and here
He wants to be the first different choices
we can hand over our high scores and also award said
to compare
and so will the setting since there is really a lot to set that up
You can logically adapt everything you should on the negotiation
has made
including a player and a multiplayer
This easy synonymous except that you just stop in the multiplayer
so that he can play with his friends
as Heike Schülein again in the course, it percent of the corresponding
exactly the same aggressive opponents are says differently
and yes we now have four different worlds to introduce the internet
But we will come from the holidays that I definitely want
really good and now world champion once so far from the guests
I'm not at all yet
that has the first rank
in Lahde which one also to the action that is quite cool to Kamil
led to bridge
and he already knows the world and two silver pieces of legislation
characters
and this opportunity to get around with these controls was everywhere
but always liked better and outside one could jump off and
shoot
their Wetziker thus steam so Jan Boddaert Ali Cakici she goes
graduate are when I die
I get experience points for that
These experience points need in your safe, the CEO
already lost
Wrabetz got those two experience points the city got
if this bar has filled up completely with the experience points
then I climb up a level again
I'm supposed to start summer nine years and then it always went important of this show
still with the then still go well with this official is easy
mainly I am now so lonely have you seen this one
Characters has changed
These are considered an attack of the problem last year. Unity prevailed
burn again here
yes still every mission
Jakobi so if the opponents and of which one does not get any points loses
but not always like that
Milan Attack is now considering something and then the opponents are buying
Here's what they shoot at Heinze for Google
could throw me off for students in the fire
so do not be permanently index and now comes his defender the
known a bit more
Warburg we did not need anymore but some top titles like
possible different bring depending on
how big the tires are, how strong they are to keep us from trickling on sale
defeat
Such names are not all about making these together
has always got close characters
At the end of a level, you do not get all that weaponing again
It also determines that it's the same because they already have it
There are many characters
I have not played all free yet
the Mangfall broken jumping was and thus that from Rees
Owners of the new highscore that the number at 0 62 and now money again
Not even twelve left and to unlock this new character
with those depicted with the still drawn is the alpha John
Texas just gets stupid that according to our characters still April so
to do better, so to speak
especially since we can now say minutes and asterisks to this acquittal
do poets what comes new then so there you can do better what it is
is
the role was two points for me »had only one and this Cooper gets
you just in the game itself
so that
regrettable that points anyway
All of this there you have to and the players can not upgrade the dwarves any more
Fire spit something like that
and yes, there are different levels
which is when the last one is still open what is the difference
and although he sees here she is completely different so that percent
Levels completely changed it is harder because methadone has been here and
There are also other opponents that are difficult to defeat
they are still a bit more knowledgeable about this I have that
feeling
Business consultant like that
and so on
and that's what it's about all the time wearing
so characters free to climb this up and then
they are better so it's not just about doing the same thing
So it is, of course, the work of the Association has always something new
that is not us
and therefore I am the people are really quite good at the bar thousand
last game in between, therefore, can not recommend lying and
what one is again formed to see the protest